[POC][Tests-Only] Add first visual regression tests (#4574)
owncloud/web: docs/testing.md

5. Run `yarn run acceptance-tests-ocis <feature-files-to-test>`.
   The feature files are located in the "tests/acceptance/features" subdirectories.

### Visual Regression Testing
The test suite consists of snapshots of UI components which can be compared for visual regression testing when running the acceptance tests. These comparisions are done in the existing scenarios. You can check the existing snapshots of the components in the directory `/tests/vrt/baseline`.

#### Running the visual regression tests

> When you run the accpetance tests normally, all the visual regression comparisions are skipped. To run the acceptance test suite with the Visual comparision enabled you need to set the env variable, `VISUAL_TEST` to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run the acceptance tests as usual, all the visual regression comparisons are skipped. To run the acceptance test suite with the visual comparison enabled you need to set the env variable, `VISUAL_TEST` to `true`
```
